To Al-Shati Camp Al-
Sabat This
manna on the edge will
come to you.
[Music]
Here is Raya
Qasim Ah from Dar Qasim Hol Jan Dar Aqla Well,
you were not evacuated. I mean, we were
living at the Western Mosque. Under the bombing of the
mosque, half of our house was gone. We came to my uncle’s house, there is
no place to go.  So, we came to my uncle’s house. The
house was bombed. This whole area was upon us. One
of the aircraft bombed the house of the Shehadeh family
here, and there were about eight martyrs. A quarter of
an hour later, they bombed the Hilal Wahan family, and there were about
30 people present in this house. We came. We were
here in the area. We tried to get the bodies out. We
succeeded.  We will go out for five. I am an American citizen. I mean, you
came to visit my family here and the war started.
What time did you mean? I came a month, a month, nine Saturdays. I am
staying here for two months, uh, I mean, all the way before the war.
True, true, true. How did you see the situation, for
God’s sake? The situation is a massacre. What is happening
now is  It is a galaxy against the
Palestinian people. All the Arab
and Islamic countries and the human world have abandoned us. This place is
from the beach camp. We came to this
area. Traces of blood and some bodies
are lying all around I might now be
walking over some corpses in this place
the
neighb
wor
days and  this is the life of the people
here those who are still alive have
taken some belongings and gone to theif
medical complex and
streets make
subs